[Autogenerated] now that we have a bucket to store our objects,
we need to actually get them there.
Here are some of the various resources that our web application uses.
We will be moving all of these two S3 and then we'll need to change any
references to these files in our code to the U R L s used in S3 You can
upload objects to S3 using either the console,
the AWS Cli or the SDK.
We will be doing all three in this module in the next clip will
dynamically do this for the new Pizza images but in this clip I will
demonstrate uploading with both the console and the cli.
The console is an efficient way to upload a file quickly.
If you have a small number of them,
if you need to do bulk uploading then the Cli is much better at that
since there's no GUI to have to click through.
Let's start by using the Cli to upload some of our directories,
open your command line and navigate to where you've locally unpacked the
Pizza Lovers code Since we've already installed the AWS Cli and we have
the key from the user we created configured,
there's nothing else we need to do for set up here,
let's start by transferring over a few folders,
there are three that I want to upload from our assets directory,
Js CSS and Pizzas, we will upload each one at a time.
Here's the ca manual use its kind of long so I'm not going to speak it out but
I'll break down the pieces first we execute the AWS Cli.
The first argument we pass in is the service we want to use
which will be S3 The next is the command to execute on that
service which is C p short for copy.
The next argument is the local file or directory to copy I want to
copy the contents of the assets slash Js folder.
The next argument is the S3 destination.
Using an S3 protocol.
This will be your bucket name followed by any remote path since
I want these files to go in the Js folder,
I'll add that to my bucket path.
Finally,
some option arguments include dash dash recursive which will copy
everything in the directory and the next is a file pattern for
excluded files because I'm on a Mac,
there are those pesky Ds store files that I want to ignore.
You may not need to do the same if you're on a different iOS now let's
execute that command and you should see the output that it copied a single
make dot Js file now re create that same command but switch out Js for CSS
in both the source and the destination.
This will copy another file style sheet dot CSS Now swap out CSS
for pizzas and execute the command one last time.
One thing to note we are executing this operation with the
credentials from the user you created,
you assign that user to an admin group that had administrator access,
that's why we're able to do this.
If our user had downgraded permissions that didn't have S3 write access,
we would get an access denied message when we try to do
this now that our files have uploaded,
let's see what they look like in the console.
Open up the S3 console and click on your bucket It should
load and you'll see three folders here, CSS Js and Pizzas.
If we click on pizzas you should then see the pizzas P and G.
S.
Let's test out and see if our policy to make all these
files visible is being applied correctly.
Click on one of the PNG s, click on the hyperlink beneath object.
URL and the PNG should open in the new tab and you should see one of the
pizzas when we make this web request to view the S3 object,
it is doing so completely anonymously without the
credentials you have in the web console.
So successfully viewing the pizza is confirmation that
our policy is working correctly.
We still need to transfer over the toppings and a few other
files so let's do that with the console.
Go back to the main bucket page via the breadcrumbs
link towards the top of the page,
click the create folder button and type toppings in the input that opens up,
then click create folder.
Now click this toppings folder we want to upload the toppings images here,
click the upload button,
click on the add files button and navigate to and
select all the toppings PNG files.
We don't need to set any details for these files so click upload the transfer
pain will show the progress of the file transfer and once it's complete you
should see all the files showing in the file list.
We just have a few more files to upload,
navigate back to the root of your bucket,
then click the upload button,
go up one directory to the root of the assets directory in your local demo
project and then copy all of the PNG s as well as the fab Akane.
Should just be about four of them.
Uh This should be a much quicker upload than the other folder,
a lot less images and then we've got everything uploaded to S3 in the
next clip will modify our code to use S3 for retrieving these files and also use the AWS SDK to upload files to S3